Add installation method module and remove duplicated doc from configuration (#1534)
PrestaShop/docs: modules/creation/tutorial.md

}
```

> Let's examine each line :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's examine each line:
```

in English we don't need space before `:` 👍

> This is a PrestaShop-specific object that allows to easily manage all the shop's settings. It stores its data on the `ps_configuration` database table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This PrestaShop-specific object allows you to easily manage all the shop's settings. It stores its data on the `PREFIX_configuration` database table.
```

I think we can try to use `PREFIX_tablename` as it is recommended to use the custom prefix.

## Installing the module

> You have two options to install a module : via back office interface, or via Symfony Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have two options to install a module: from the back office interface or using the Symfony Console component (CLI-base installation)
```

> ### Install module via back office interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install module from the back office interface
```

Now that all basics are in place, reload the back office's "Module Catalog" page, in the "Front office features" section, you should find your module. Install it (or reset it if it is already installed).

> ### Install module via Symfony Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install module from CLI using the Symfony Console component
```

> Access your project's directory with a CLI, and run :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access your project's directory with a CLI, and run:
```

```shell
php bin/console prestashop:module install mymodule
```

Where `mymodule` is your module's name.

> To uninstall module, run :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To uninstall the module, run the following:
```
